How painful is a bite from this guy?
>> Painful enough.
>> I'm a father to two beautiful daughters.
I'm also a husband, a son,
a cyclist,
a citizen.
>> Here you go.
>> The future, by definition, is uncertain.
>> Who's going to protect the forests, the
mountains?
>> Give me some working space.
>> Wow, he's angry.
>> We have a natural instinct to fear the
unknown.
>> What could possibly go wrong?
>> This glacier has shrunk almost by half.
>> Sometimes, we need each other to
challenge our prejudice.
>> If we don't cooperate, we're not going
to be here.
>> Each and every creature in this planet
has a role.
>> To imagine not the worst,
>> We have some hitchhikers.
>> but the best of outcomes.
>> Everywhere, we are aiming to reforest.
>> Oh, look at this.
>> The potential is vast.
>> I'm Nikolaj Coster-Waldau.
>> I'm not going to get killed today.
>> We'll make sure you don't.
>> Okay.
>> And this is an optimist's guide to the
planet.
Things can often feel scary.
Right now, I'm more than a little
nervous about where I'm going.
>> Hey,
guy, I'm I'm uh
in eastern India. I'm I'm on my way to
meet the snake wrangler.
But how how much of a problem
I mean, do anyone get
killed by snakes in India, or is that
just a myth?
>> Snake bite fatalities in India are
definitely not a myth. The World Health
Organization estimates that tens of
thousands of people die from snake bites
each year, so it's definitely a serious
issue.
>> You know, I've got to admit that I'm I'm
really scared of snakes.
So, I thought if I
if I, you know, do a little prayer
for the for the I mean, then that's
going to help us.
Okay, so do I take my shoes
>> You should have taken your shoes off.
>> Just out of respect.
>> In Hindu religion, snakes are treated as
deities in the culture.
If you're afraid of snakes, you're in
the right place.
Just bend below the gods, sit down
maybe.
>> Okay.
>> Worship.
Well, I hope that you will take good
care of me.
>> In the Eastern Ghats, most of the over
70 species of snakes are harmless,
but 10 of them are venomous and their
bite can turn deadly fast.
Here, human-snake conflict is part of
daily life.
I'm about to meet a team working hard to
reduce that danger.
>> A king cobra has gone into somebody's
home.
>> Okay.
>> And they've got a call that a king
cobra's in the home and they'd like to
take you for that.
>> Should I
>> Call my wife and say goodbye now?
Murthy?
Murthy, Murthy, Murthy.
>> Hi. Hi, Nikolai. How are you?
>> Nice to meet you.
>> So, we've just been thrown into this.
But, what's going on here?
>> Uh so, the king cobra we locked it up
somewhere inside the hut. So, we're
going to use this. These are called
snake hooks.
Using snake hooks, we'll pull him out
>> Uh-huh.
>> and then try to bag him.
>> How dangerous is is is
>> Well, they are the longest venomous
snakes in the world.
It can lunge and strike at you really
fast.
>> Who owns the house? Who lives here?
So, can you ask what happened? How What
did he find it?
Should we go and do it? You should do
it.
>> Yeah, yeah. So, you can always maintain
this safety perimeter from here.
>> Good luck.
>> Okay, so they managed to just put a
small basket over it. It's lying inside.
Oh, yes. Did you see it?
Oh, yes.
Okay, go back.
>> Okay, yes, it's a big snake.
He's got the tail now.
>> Everyone, just go back.
>> Just go back.
>> Give me some working space.
>> All right.
>> Sorry. Sorry.
Hold this. Give me some working space.
>> Wow.
>> Snakes are basically ancient reptiles.
They cannot see static objects, which
means you are quite safe as long as you
don't move.
If you move, it will come charging at me
because I'm right in its strike range.
So, don't move behind me.
It's okay.
Oh, okay. Now, see.
Okay.
You could pick him up.
You could just say
Okay.
So, the thing is this is a huge snake.
And even once he's in the bag, he can
still bite. So, we have to make sure
that it's locked properly.
Usually king cobras settle down. Once
they go inside the bag, it's all dark
and cool inside. But this guy seems to
be quite active. See?
That's it.
>> Let's say this village don't have you
guys
>> living next to them.
>> What would normally happen?
>> Usually they they would kill because
they just hate snakes, you know.
>> Sure.
It's so deeply rooted in in us to be
afraid of snakes.
>> Yes, it's deep rooted.
And then they also have personal
experiences.
Their family, their friends, their
neighbors who die of a bite.
>> So, it's a it's a real thing.
>> Very tragic experience they have.
So, the whole project is about uh saving
snakes and saving people.
>> Uh-huh.
>> In India, a human-snake conflict is
really big. Around 50,000 people die
each year.
>> Wow.
>> We have this unique snake-savior
program. These people are from the local
communities. They are trained in safe
removal and capture of snakes from
human-dominated landscapes.
>> Why not just kill it?
>> Snakes are the most misunderstood and
neglected species.
Each and every creature in this planet
has a role.
>> Sure.
>> And snakes are quite useful in the
ecology and they play a crucial role in
controlling rat populations.
>> Yeah.
>> They are the cornerstone of our
ecosystem.
Without them, rats would explode in
numbers, feeding on crops, destroying
them,
and spreading diseases.
And so, we need snakes around us. It's
not that they are some kind of a pest.
>> It's that incredible thing with nature
that everything has a place. There's a
reason why
it's all about the balance. Yeah.
>> All these years I've been working with
king cobras.
They are beautiful animals and they
deserve our attention, our conservation
attention.
You want to hold it? Yeah.
So, make sure that you hold it here
because this is your safety.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> And keep your arms distance like this.
>> Yeah. I'm I'm
Oh, it's moving now.
>> Yeah. That's okay.
>> That's a strong That's a heavy snake.
>> Yeah, it's heavy. Maybe like 12 15 kilos
maybe.
>> And where do we take it now?
>> We go to the nearest forest area.
Yeah, make sure that you keep
arms distance.
>> I'm going to keep the distance.
>> That was scary.
But it's also very impressive what
Murthy is doing.
And of course he's right. Snakes are
very important.
I'm still not sure if I can imagine
being less scared.
You found a spot?
>> Yeah. Yeah, we did. It's a reserve
forest.
You want to take it?
>> I'll take it.
>> going to be a bit of a walk.
>> It'll be a good workout.
You're coming home. It's a good thing.
You should be happy.
Now is probably going to be the last
time we see this snake.
>> Yes.
>> And then you untie this?
>> Untie this.
Spread it.
>> Beautiful.
Uh this now I'm going to step over here
next to you.
>> Okay, now if he removes the hook, then
the snake will have a free exit.
>> Is that
>> It's hissing. Yeah, it's right here.
Yeah, And it's going to come out.
>> watch out, John.
>> Yeah. don't think he'll come towards me,
though, right? He won't come here?
>> I cannot guarantee that, but you're
fine. We have a guy standing guard
because wild animals, they're
unpredictable.
It still hasn't realized that the bag's
open, see?
>> Yeah.
>> There it is.
It's flicking its tongue, so now it
knows it's in a forest.
It's back home.
Nobody moves. Just stay still.
>> It's a real beauty.
>> Amazing animals.
See, it went so fast.
>> Yes.
>> It's one of the biggest king cobras
that we have rescued
>> Is it?
>> so far. Yeah.
>> Amazing.
>> Previously, people used to kill king
cobras, and now after 10 years of
working, we have come to a point where
the world's first king cobra reserve is
going to be declared soon.
>> Amazing.
>> And I'm so happy that the local
government and the communities are
working hand in hand.
>> So, this is your place?
>> Yeah.
This is our field office.
I started Eastern Ghats Wildlife Society
back in 2014.
>> So, before you did this work,
>> Yeah.
>> were you also interested in snakes?
>> I used to accompany my uncle at the zoo.
Uh he used to give snake awareness
programs, and that's when, you know, I
got that initial connection with these
amazing reptiles. And after my masters
in zoology, I want to get back here
because this is Eastern Ghats. This is
where I was born.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> My home turf and I wanted to work on the
most challenging human-wildlife conflict
in India.
>> The whole idea is conservation and then
helping animals in need. And the other
is education.
>> Yeah. You don't know what you're dealing
with, then you cannot ask someone to
conserve it. Once they're informed,
they'll appreciate the fact that snakes
are also useful.
>> When you then bring someone like me
>> Yes. Yeah.
>> who might be a little
>> Yeah.
>> scared of snakes.
>> Yes.
>> And can you then show them snakes or can
you
>> Yeah, we do have some non-venomous
snakes we rescued just a couple of days
ago.
>> Okay.
>> And we have it around here. So we keep
them in cotton bags.
>> It's in a bag.
I was kind of hoping it was going to be
in like a a little box I could stand and
look at it and I could touch it and No,
it's it's right here in the bag.
>> We have a common green vine snake.
>> Great.
>> So you know, you just I can support it
like this.
Because these snakes live in on the
trees.
>> Come closer, John.
Oh, there you go.
Oh.
>> He saw the camera.
Unlike other snakes,
uh they have very good eyesight.
You can grab him.
>> Are you sure?
>> Yes.
>> I mean, how painful is a bite from this
guy?
>> Painful enough, but
but harmless.
Because it's got sharp teeth.
>> Oh.
>> Yeah.
I think you're fine.
>> I'm fine. What's What's What's the worst
that could happen?
>> Yeah. Always try to let it slither
across your fingers, in between your
fingers, on your hands.
You can also release him here.
>> Okay.
>> Anywhere on the tree.
Don't drop him.
>> Yeah, yeah, he's fine.
Right here on the bamboo.
>> It's just a little
It's just a little sweet sweet treat.
There's nothing to be afraid of, but it
is just it's such a
>> he'll take over, see? He's already
spotted the branch.
>> God, I'm so relieved to see you go, my
friend.
>> It's going, going.
It's gone.
>> Just a few days ago, I couldn't imagine
touching a snake.
Now, thanks to Morty, I appreciate them
a lot more.
But it's one thing for me to overcome my
fear.
What about the people who encounter
snakes in their homes?
>> Rescuing an animal
is just a temporary solution to your
problem.
It's really about overcoming fear
and teaching communities to coexist with
snakes.
>> Well, let's find some shade.
The cows know where to sit.
>> Yeah.
Uh that tree.
>> I'll just move it over there.
>> Yeah.
>> Poor guy, he's going to wake up to a bit
of a surprise.
>> Okay.
Yeah, I got it.
>> Anything can happen.
They're brave kids.
>> So, 50,000 people in India are killed
>> every year by snake.
>> With the knowledge that you have, are
you trying to teach them how much do you
think that number could go down?
>> I think more than 50% of these bites can
be avoided.
>> You're saving a human life and also
saving a snake.
>> Oh, yes.
>> If you can convince people to protect
the king cobra, the most dangerous of
all the snake, the biggest venomous
snake in the world, if you can agree to
people to agree to to do that, well,
then anything's possible.
In our quest to imagine a better future
for all of us,
overcoming our fears is the first step.
But, none of us face them on our own.
That's why I'm heading to Finland
to explore a contentious source of
energy
that has divided and sometimes
frightened the world for the past 80
years.
Nuclear power.
First time in Helsinki, which is strange
considering it's part of the Nordic
countries. I'm loving this city. It's
really It's beautiful.
It's quite impressive.
Today, I'm going to meet this young
company that's working on uh
nuclear energy.
In in a in a in a different way. Smaller
reactors,
uh safer.
Of course, that's interesting because
there's the Ukrainian flag over that.
And we know we had this horrific
disaster in Chernobyl.
And one of the things that happened
after that, there was a radioactive
cloud
also flew over Finland. So, they they
They were affected
by that accident.
In Denmark, there was when I was a kid,
this was everywhere, right? I had this
in my my school bag when I went to
school, say no
to nuclear power. I mean, we've had, you
know, Chernobyl. We've had Three Mile
Island before that. We've had Fukushima
that we visited in season 1.
What happened there was a catastrophe
that forced more than 160,000
people from their homes.
A tsunami knocked out the nuclear
reactors and spread radiation for miles.
We saw radiation detectors everywhere.
And ongoing cleanup of contaminated
topsoil.
But of course, times are changing. So,
if you can make it safe, and if that's
possible,
but what are the safety mechanisms? And
what do we do with the waste?
I'm here to meet some nuclear engineers
from a company called Steady Energy.
And they think they have answers to
these questions.
They're working to try to bring Imagine
one of Helsinki's formerly coal-fired
power plants
into a nuclear-powered heating facility.
Right in the heart of Helsinki.
I just hope these suitcases don't
contain anything radioactive.
>> So, we're going to go to the spot where
the actual pilot plant will be.
Whoop. Sorry.
And this is not the real thing.
>> Not the real thing, yeah.
>> Are you looking for a job?
>> Yeah, I think
>> I worked We use you at exhibitions and
They actually broke this last time we
were in
Actually Denmark. My colleagues went to
>> God, this is never been easy with
nuclear in Denmark.
>> That's it.
>> Okay.
Oh, it lit up.
>> Of course.
It's a miniature model
of the small modular reactor.
The design is much simpler and the size
is much smaller than conventional
reactors.
The conventional reactors, they've been
designed to produce massive amounts of
electricity. Steady energy's reactor has
been designed to produce only heat.
>> Yeah.
>> In addition, our technology doesn't
require as complex safety systems.
Safer than conventional big reactors.
At the bottom, you have the nuclear
core.
>> Yeah.
>> It starts heating up water and then heat
exchangers transfer the heat to the
pipelines and push it forward to the
district heating network.
>> And heat tens of thousands of homes with
that.
>> Very simple.
>> But what is the size of this?
>> It's about 10 m.
>> 10 m high, okay.
And that would be here.
>> It goes down there.
>> So all this goes out. This is the old
and that's is now going to be turned
into your
>> So now it's going to be a test facility
for our pilot plant.
It's about 100 times smaller than the
biggest nuclear power power plants out
there.
>> Yes.
So heat is the sort of elephant in the
room in the energy and decarbonization
in the big picture.
I would put it into the context like
this.
About 40% of all the energy that we
consume is heat. So our idea is to build
hundreds of these reactors to
decarbonize heat production in Europe
and elsewhere.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, it's a the potential is vast.
>> What what What you got?
>> Some pills.
Don't worry, they are not real.
>> What are they supposed to be?
>> That's uranium, lightly enriched. So,
you are holding in your hand
>> Yeah.
>> enough nuclear fuel
to heat up your home for a decade. For
10 years. No other energy source
compares to it in terms of the energy
density, so how little fuel you need to
produce the same amount of energy.
Millions times less
>> That's amazing.
>> than with conventional fuels.
>> Well, that's very impressive.
Yeah. As long as you can keep this
secure.
>> Secure, exactly.
>> Then you're not going to have any any
pollution, any
>> No.
>> negative effects on the environment.
>> The fuel pellets last two to three
years, but what to do with this waste
has always been the Achilles' heel of
nuclear power. In 2026, Finland will
open a groundbreaking storage facility
to address this long-standing concern.
>> What we are looking at is this massive
change in societal focus. Back in the
1980s, 1990s, the one big environmental
issue that people had was nuclear
accidents and nuclear waste. But, uh now
that climate change is the sort of most
the biggest sort of a concern,
>> people are beginning to see nuclear more
as a solution rather than than a
problem.
>> Yeah.
>> I see how we can reimagine nuclear as a
safe, green energy source.
It's powerful, consistent, and extremely
low in carbon emissions.
But, how much cleaner is it actually?
Helen, the power utility that owns this
plant,
is taking me on a little ride to see
what the alternative looks like.
>> Am I good to go?
>> Yeah. We got someone in the back. I love
it. Yes.
>> I'm not hearing.
>> So, in Helsinki we have been burning
coal for 100 years for the district
heating.
We need a lot of coal to fire the
Helsinki.
We're going down to one of the silos
where we used to store coal for our coal
power fire power plant.
But nowadays, it is empty, but it's used
to be full of coal.
We will be driving to 100 m below ground
level.
>> Wow.
>> So, here here we have one of the silos.
>> Holy
Oh.
Wow.
This is a
This is
It's a
It looks like a movie. Like it's looks
like something from I don't know.
>> Yeah.
>> Star Wars apocalypse. Wow.
>> We used to burn coal still one month
ago, and now we have abandoned it.
We have four silos, and all together
it's
250,000
tons of coal.
It lasted kind of a winter with these
four silos.
>> You can kind of sense how big it is when
you hear this.
I mean, the amount of coal we dig out of
the ground, out of our mountains all
over the world, is in I mean, just
insane.
And then we burn it.
>> Because of the CO2 emissions, we want to
get rid of the coal.
Coal is dirty. Nowadays, we could then
replace it with a couple of tons of
nuclear fuel. So, with a small box of
nuclear fuel, we could heat 100,000
homes in Helsinki instead of burning all
this coal.
>> That's incredible.
That is incredible.
>> Abandoning coal decreases Helsinki's
carbon emissions by a staggering 40%.
The benefit is obvious.
But will a small company like Steady
Energy succeed in a country where
prominent political parties have
historically fought nuclear power?
>> Hi, good to meet you.
>> Nice to meet you. And thank you for
taking the time. This Wow, that is an
imposing building.
>> Yeah, welcome.
>> Holy moly, that's the parliament.
>> Yeah, that's the parliament.
>> a member of parliament?
>> Yes, that's that's right.
>> Um what's your background?
>> My background is so I'm an engineer by
my education. I used to work as a
researcher at the Finnish Meteorological
Institute studying risks of climate
change.
>> Is that part of the reason you became a
member?
>> Yeah, that that was one of the drivers
that that got me into politics.
And that's as also been the ethos of the
Green Party in Finland that we want to
be the leading science green party.
>> And how when did you change your mind on
nuclear power?
>> Uh well, uh we have a history of
opposing it first and nowadays we're
kind of in favor of
3 years ago we made the kind of the
final approval in our program as a part
of a sustainable energy mix.
>> When people change their minds,
especially politicians, they they can
they can almost be like looked at as a
as a as a weakness, where
actually is a good thing to to to to
learn and allow to allow yourself to uh
>> Yeah, to change your mind.
>> Yeah, 100% agree cuz I think that's the
key point in if you say that your
politics is science driven, then you
must be able to also critically evaluate
your positions. And with the
accumulation of knowledge and uh
new insight, it's okay to change your
mind.
Uh I hope for Finland that we can lead
the way and show that you can
do a science-based climate policy, and
nuclear is part of that.
>> It's very inspiring to come to Finland
and see how they have an almost
pragmatic way of to look at it. Use all
the tools we have, whether it's solar,
wind, hydro,
nuclear. Got to use it all.
>> Fear of the future is powerful, but as
Finland's innovative nuclear technology
demonstrates,
so is humanity's ability to imagine
solutions.
All of which proves that if we confront
our fears
and come together as a community,
there's no limit to what we can do.
With my wife Nuka Gaka, we traveled to
the high Andes of Peru
to one of the last places where you can
walk through a city designed by the
Incas.
>> That's the main archaeological place
that we have here the most ancient place
in this area.
It has a lot of really good energy. Like
it's
empowering for human beings. It's always
there. It's an important place. Yes.
>> It feels like being a small village in
Greenland.
The air is so
makes me so happy.
>> It's incredible. I noticed throughout
the city there's all these canals and
they're all built from back in the
Incas. They created this whole
irrigation system.
>> Yes, the water from the mountains, from
the glaciers, comes to the lakes in the
cities.
>> But this system is built in
13, 1400.
>> Yes, probably before Incas, but the
Incas made it like, you know, more
sophisticated. And it was in in 1400
years. Yeah.
>> That's incredible.
>> Tomorrow we are going towards that
mountain to meet Florentino, who are the
guys who are protecting the water.
And the road is going to be a very
challenging because we're going to start
very early in the morning.
>> How high are we going tomorrow morning?
>> It's 4,600 m above the sea level.
>> Have you ever been to 4,600 m?
>> I don't think so.
No.
Can I?
>> No, we're going to
>> I'm pretty sure you're going to be fine.
>> Yeah.
>> Florentino
>> Yes.
>> Hello. Good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> Nice to meet you.
>> I'm excited about this.
>> Good morning. The only thing not waiting
for us is the sunrise. Exactly.
>> Yeah? We're good?
>> We'll talk up there.
>> I have the coca leaves here for you
guys.
The Incas used to use this.
That's good for any mornings.
And high altitude and you chew it.
>> Yeah.
>> Like a
like a hamster.
Yeah, in Denmark it's
tallest mountain
is called
the heavens mountain.
It's 180 m high.
>> Just like here.
>> Wow, look at this.
Yeah.
This is beautiful.
Oh my god.
>> I'm just happy that we are doing this.
Welcome to my sacred place.
>> Beautiful words.
>> I look at all the mountains here.
Oh, we got the sun is hitting the top.
>> Oh my god.
>> It's happening fast.
>> The name is Huacay Willki.
Look at the glacier there.
It's very special because uh
for the Incas from my ancient parents
this
protectors are the
base of the life.
Because this where the water comes.
>> Mhm.
>> From there it start the life, the
economy, and the future of all the
generations.
For us water is life.
>> Our native culture
tell us to talk with the mountains, with
the river,
with the with the mother
mother earth.
When you talk
heart to heart, we said,
"Who's going to protect this?
Who's going to protect the forest, the
mountains?"
And said,
"Why not us?
>> Mhm.
>> Why not us?"
>> Amazing.
So beautiful.
>> So, you have two sides of the of the
Andes.
The water flows from the glaciers,
and it goes either towards the Amazon,
or to the western part of the Andes,
feeding into cities, into communities.
Hundreds of millions of people depend on
that.
Climate change is warming the planet. We
know that.
Glaciers are beginning to melt.
This glacier has shrunk almost by half.
>> Then 2050,
70% of the glaciers are going to
disappear.
>> Once these glaciers are are gone,
the whole water supply for Lima, Bogota,
Quito,
will come to a stop.
>> If the water runs out, life will change
forever in South America.
But here in the high Andes, for some
families, it's already happening.
>> It's a little
tricky and you have to come under.
>> Watch out here. It's a little bit
slippery.
>> Okay.
After you.
Well, thank you for allowing us into
your home.
You know, there's lack of water and
you know, down the mountain. Is that
something that concern you?
>> The last years is more drought.
They started to suffer problems.
From 50 alpacas to have 25 dead.
They are going to not have a
good future.
They are totally abandoned.
>> Is there Is there anything that can be
done?
>> They have
a big hope and they wish that someday
this must to change.
Not for them.
For the kids that are coming behind.
>> Yeah.
>> Thank you for listening about
the lives of my people.
>> Thank you so much.
This is so incredible.
>> That's a beautiful spot.
>> In a place where climate change
threatens everything, hope alone isn't
enough.
Securing a livable future requires
imagining solutions no one has ever
thought of before.
>> So, I grew up taking care of the ships
and the cows of my grandparents.
The best time that I had probably was
that earlier age because I discovered
the love and conservation come to my
mind.
I studied biology.
When I had been studying biology,
I suffered a lot of discrimination,
racism, everything. My grandparent comes
and said, "Hey,
your second name means warrior. You are
awqa. You are a warrior. You are a
fighter. Please go on do it what you
know. Fight for us."
>> Oh my goodness. This is a soap opera.
>> But, I think that was the starting on
thinking on doing big things,
not tiny things, big things.
This Polylepis forest is the highest
forest in the world.
>> Wow.
>> Polylepis
means many skins. Look at this.
>> Oh, yeah, yeah.
>> They have many skins, many layers.
These kinds of guys, they can capture
water.
>> Yeah.
>> I invite you to push one of this
>> Here?
>> moss. Push.
What are you feeling?
>> It's like a sponge.
>> Water.
Polylepis trees do something that
glaciers do really well.
They have this amazing ability to
capture moisture from rain, snow, and
even clouds.
Their roots and the surrounding moss
store that moisture.
Then, just like the glaciers, they
release the water over time.
>> And when it's going to be the rainy
season,
this is going to go down to the valleys
creating there's a big rivers.
>> The hope is that trees in the forests
will then be able to to kind of take the
place of the glacier because we know the
glaciers will not be here in 100 years,
but hopefully the forests will be.
>> Yeah.
From this, I took the idea, said, "Why
don't we learn from the nature
and let's plant millions of trees?"
But who is going to plant it and produce
that?
Locals.
>> Of course, community.
>> There is a way to unite everybody across
an entire seven countries counting 7,000
km long mountain range.
And that was the birth of Acción Andina.
>> In 2018,
Florent and Tino launched Acción Andina
to restore Polylepis forests across the
Andes.
It is a monumental goal,
but their imagination has no limits.
And it has sparked a growing movement
among local communities.
>> This is a present from the two
communities for you. Please accept that.
>> Oh, thank you.
>> This is This is
>> That's beautiful.
Thank you.
Let's go inside yes to see what they are
doing.
So they go to the forest and collect
cuttings and then they bring it back
here into the nursery.
Magali is the
in charge person of all the nurseries.
So when you say cuttings so it's not
seeds it's cuttings you cut off the tree
and then that sprouts.
It's one of the most delicate moments to
actually take it out and bring it to the
field.
They are going to produce 400,000
trees for the entire season.
A completely different question why do
you love it?
Polylepis trees take years before they
begin to hold and share water.
Today
four communities are coming together to
care for a newly planted forest.
>> Is there room for a child? Does the
child walking there with a wand?
>> We have We have some hitchhikers.
>> So far, Accion Andina and its partner
communities
have planted more than 12 million
Polylepis trees.
>> They're going to practice the tradition
of weeding and pruning, which is very
important for the growth.
>> Everywhere we are aiming to reforest,
we're going to need to get to hundreds,
thousands of communities joining in.
This started as a dream, it's now
becoming a movement.
>> I want to die
planting as much that I can because is I
I want to die in happiness.
Doing something, not just resting or
crying because the climate change
destroy us. No, I'm going to be coming
like a spirit and pushing to everybody.
Continue. Continue.
>> I know you're going to be there.
>> That was amazing. Unforgettable.
>> It only works because they have so many
people involved.
>> Today, Acción Andina is one of the
largest reforestation projects on the
planet.
>> It's this community
and the thing that's bigger than them.
It's bigger than us.
>> This is why I wanted to do a show like
this.
And that kind of love of community of us
of nature
of understanding our place on this
planet
and wanting to do something for others.
>> Hey.